hi folks i'm frank baylor from Stoltz
this RV and marine located in
Westchester Pennsylvania
I like to take a moment of your time to
walk you through this beautiful 2011
trail minor trailer it's actually built
it's an elk Motte series it's 24 foot
great sleeping capacity these are one of
the ultra ultra light trailers built in
the industry this trailer right here for
24 foot waves believe it or not under
3000 pounds of weight it's an all
laminated style construction very
durable meant for long lasting nice
little Locker as we do our walk around
come on with me Joe if you notice the
nice big FEMA
box tall awning it allows you to go it
goes out eight feet gives you great
under storage for if you're raining a
nice big double entrance step here to
access screen door which is really a
nice feature so you know if you're
camping out you don't have the air
conditioning on nice little breeze this
unit has a vented box here that's for
your battery it is a single axle trailer
it's got an aluminum wheel package which
is real nice so you don't to worry about
you know the old painted wheels outside
electrical outlets so like I said
underneath the awning it's got some nice
lights you sit out here at nighttime and
enjoy the great outdoors
hot water heater is a propane gas water
heater this is the back of the
refrigerator actually this is real nice
it is pro paint gas and 110 so traveling
down the road you could use propane and
110 when you're at the campground this
is a really cool idea that they've done
with the trim out of their line this
actually rotates this is something it's
a great place to store your sewer hose
at most manufacturers they have hanging
up underneath the underbelly or one of
your storage lockers we keep it out here
in a nice vetted compartment license
plate holder all LED lights great for
safety very high illumination 30 amp
power service comes out of this little
hole right here it's got about 15 to 20
feet of power cord it comes with the
trailer just throws away in a nice
little convenient place outside hot and
cold running water shower this here is
designed for your cable TV hookup if you
get to a campground it has cable TV all
your holding tanks are under here you
got a direct water fresh water
tank and this is your heated for the
interior of the trailer as we go around
the front this trailers included a nice
power jack hooking up at nighttime it's
got a nice little light built right into
the front this is an Atwood system as an
override system right here so if you do
find that the batteries were to die you
can actually crank it up manually twin
20-pound propane tanks you can buy the
optional cover it looks kind of like Joe
if you've shown these folks that trailer
right there comes with one for about $80
we could have one put on why don't we go
inside and look at how nice this trailer
is welcome inside the 24 foot elf by
first thing I want you to recognize I'm
6 foot 1 inches tall see a great ceiling
height this does have an arched roof
which allows the water to shed off the
roof cavity if you'll notice the
oversized it's a nice big queen bed all
solid hardwood cabinets throughout all
laminated construction so it's very
durable and they do that in the floors
it's all block styrofoam as well as the
roof side and front back cap for storage
this is really nice Joe this lifts up
it's fully carpeted underneath it's a
very light weight so it gives you great
storage space there's a nice big Locker
from outside there's also six socket
underwear drawers located in the
nightstands and each person has their
own nightstand the windows on this side
of the trailer this happens to be a
jalousie so you can crank them out if
it's raining allows fresh air to be
brought on board nice TV this does
rotate so if you want to lay in bed you
can rotate it this way if you're sitting
at your nice L shaped dinette you can
watch it right there it's got the
Jensens am/fm CD player rooftop air
conditioning is included nice big
counter space look at this beautiful
oversized stainless steel sink very
residential this is one of the lightest
countertops in industry it's really
lightweight so it gives you that that's
why it's only like 2,900 pounds
nice windows got a great window if
you're entertaining you can actually
have somebody talk to you from outside
stove and oven with the stainless steel
top this is a range top cover very easy
to keep clean range cover nice thematic
brand microwave oven name-brand in the
industry a little vent over top double
door refrigerator and Joe if you
actually
switch around or you could stay right
there hey let's show these folks the
bathroom it's got a beautiful bathroom
it is not a wet bath which means the
toilets overtop the shower this gives
you a supper bathtub skylight overhead
for great for extra height it's got an
oversized fan right built into the roof
toilet right place for toiletries as
well as you know whatever else you want
nice little double bowl sink with hot
and cold running water at this time I
welcome you and your family to come on
down visit with me I'm against Frank
Baylor and from Stoltz this West Chester
Pennsylvania love to show you and your
family around on this beautiful trailer
and if this one doesn't work folks
remember I have many many others that I
may be able to help you bye my name
again Frank Baylor at one eight hundred
eight six zero one four zero six my
extension is 202 look forward to dealing
with you
you